[CloudPC]Add virtualNetworkLocation to onPremisesConnection (#19158)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/cloudpconpremisesconnection.md

|inUse|Boolean|When `true`, the Azure network connection is in use. When `false`, the connection is not in use. You cannot delete a connection that’s in use. Returned only on `$select`. For an example that shows how to get the **inUse** property, see [Example 2: Get the selected properties of an Azure network connection, including healthCheckStatusDetails](../api/cloudpconpremisesconnection-get.md). Read-only.|
|managedBy|[cloudPcManagementService](#cloudpcmanagementservice-values)|Specifies which services manage the Azure network connection. Possible values are: `windows365`, `devBox,` `unknownFutureValue`. Read-only.|
|organizationalUnit|String|The organizational unit (OU) in which the computer account is created. If left null, the OU that’s configured as the default (a well-known computer object container) in your Active Directory domain (OU) is used. Optional.|

> |virtualNetworkLocation|String|Indicates resource location of the target virtual network(Readonly, computed value).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|virtualNetworkLocation|String|Indicates resource location of the virtual target network (Read-only, computed value).|
```

> |virtualNetworkLocation|String|Indicates resource location of the virtual target network (Read-only, computed value).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|virtualNetworkLocation|String|Indicates resource location of the virtual target network. Read-only, computed value.|
```
